Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our database on PostgreSQL, we will go along with Postgres.
Good.
But of course if you want or if you need any other database, you can easily go along with it here.
You can ask me why we go on with PostgreSQL, because PostgreSQL is one of the best opensource relational
database management systems.
Also, at the end of this course, we will deploy this project to Heroku and Hiroku provides PostgreSQL
for 50.
PostgreSQL is another relational database management system.
Query language is Eskil, so it is similar to Miescher.
Actually, it will have the same implementation on the spring.
But like with my education or other relational database management systems except configuration, we
will see the configuration in the next lesson anyway.
Let's create our database on PJI admin.
By the way, PJI admin is a management console for PostgreSQL.
Here we can manage databases users, we can create queries, we can execute queries, etc.
First of all, we will create a login role on PostgreSQL server.
First of all, Flight Kalitta Logan, good applause, then I'll click create login group roll option
in here.
We should describe the user name for the role.
Our user name can be admin.
I'll go to the next tab and I'll specify the password for the role we can specify.
It's like one, two, three, four.
It can be easy password to remember it.
Admin user will have all privileges, especially it's very user.
Of course, we can restrict it according to our needs, but for now it is not necessary, then I'll
say it.
OK, now our user role is red.
Now we can create our database from database a section, I'll create a database right click then create
database.
Then from the database model.
We can specify the database name, our database name can be DBI book, then we can specify the role
for these database, we can choose it as admin.
Then I'll say it.
OK, our database is also ready in particular, good, there is another level, this is the schema.
Normally, if you are using my kit, you will encounter databases and these databases contain tables
and you can create connections between these databases.
But if you are using PostgreSQL, you will encounter databases.
And these databases are accused from stimulus and stimulus counting tables.
You can create connections between scammers, but you cannot create connections between databases.
In PostgreSQL, we can use the default schema as public or we can create a new schema.
Let's create that new schema.
Right, click the schemas, then create schema asking my name can be Sikkema book.
Then we can choose the role for it.
OK, and we can save it, OK?
Our schema is also ready now, our database template is ready in the next.
Listen, we will configure it from the Supreme Court side.
Then we can use it, that's all.
Thank you.